Telegraf v1.30.0 and v1.30.1 (#5407)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/telegraf/v1/commands/config/_index.md

---
title: telegraf config
description: >
  The `telegraf config` command generates and migrations Telegraf configuration files.
menu:
  telegraf_v1_ref:
    parent: Telegraf commands
weight: 201
---

> The `telegraf config` command generates and migrations Telegraf configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `telegraf config` command generates Telegraf configuration files and migrates deprecated plugins in configuration files.
```
